# Course Project - Getting and Cleaning Data

## Prerequisites

In order to reproduce the tiny dataset generated by the R script run_analysis.R, you will need:

* The original dataset, that can be found at https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip 
* Let the "test" and "train" folders extracted from the original dataset to be on your R working directory
* Install the "dplyr" package. The script will automatically call the library(dplyr) command, but will not install it.

## Running the Script

With all the prerequisites set, in order to reproduce the results, do the following:

* Download the "run_analysis.R" script. It contains a function that will perform the analysis over the original dataset and generate a tiny dataset at the "result.txt" file.
* Source the "run_analysis.R" script in your R command line.
* Run the function "run_analysis()".

This will generate the result at "result.txt".

## Files

### Script run_analysis.R

  Script that takes raw data from the UCI HAR Dataset
  and creates a tiny data set for future analysis, 
  doing the following steps:
  
  1- Merges the training and the test sets to create 
  one data set.
  
  2- Extracts only the measurements on the mean and 
  standard deviation for each measurement. 
  
  3- Uses descriptive activity names to name the 
  activities in the data set.
  
  4- Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive 
  variable names. 
  
  5- From the data set in step 4, creates a second, 
  independent tidy data set with the average of each 
  variable for each activity and each subject.
   
The result of this script is a tiny dataset with the average of each considered measurement for each activity and subject of the original dataset.

### Cookbook.md

Explain each variable of the result dataset.


